Supply chain attack (#2702)
Codecademy/docs: content/cybersecurity/concepts/cyber-attack/terms/supply-chain-attack/supply-chain-attack.md

---
Title: 'Supply Chain Attack'

> Description: 'A supply chain attack targets the software or hardware supply chain of an organization, compromising it to gain unauthorized access or control over the systems of the organization.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A supply chain attack targets the software or hardware supply chain of an organization in order to access or gain control over their systems.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
Tags:

>   - 'Cybersecurity'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Infrastructure'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'paths/fundamentals-of-cybersecurity'
---

> A **supply chain attack** is a cyber attack that targets an organization's software or hardware supply chain, aiming to gain unauthorized access or control over the target organization's systems by injecting malicious code or tampering with components within the supply chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **supply chain attack** is a cyber attack that targets an organization's software or hardware supply chain. The aim is to gain unauthorized access or control over the target organization's systems by injecting malicious code or tampering with components within the supply chain.
```

---
Title: 'Supply Chain Attack'

> Description: 'A supply chain attack targets an organizations software or hardware supply chain, compromising it to gain unauthorized access or control over the organizations systems.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'A supply chain attack targets the software or hardware supply chain of an organization, compromising it to gain unauthorized access or control over the systems of the organization.'
```
Rewrote so there's no apostropheless possessives.

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
Tags:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'paths/fundamentals-of-cybersecurity'
---

> **Supply chain attack** is a cyber attack that targets an organization's software or hardware supply chain, aiming to gain unauthorized access or control over the target organization's systems by injecting malicious code or tampering with components within the supply chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **supply chain attack** is a cyber attack that targets an organization's software or hardware supply chain, aiming to gain unauthorized access or control over the target organization's systems by injecting malicious code or tampering with components within the supply chain.
```

> ## Harmful Reasons

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Risks
```

Supply chain attacks are particularly harmful due to several reasons:

> - Trust and reliance: Organizations often trust their suppliers, vendors, and partners within the supply chain, assuming that the software or hardware components they provide are secure and free from malicious elements. As a result, when compromised components are introduced into the supply chain, they can easily infiltrate the target organization's systems without raising suspicion.
> 
> - Widespread impact: Supply chain attacks can have a cascading effect, impacting multiple organizations and potentially thousands or millions of users. By compromising a trusted vendor or supplier, attackers can gain access to numerous downstream organizations that rely on their products or services, amplifying the scope and impact of the attack.
> 
> - Difficulty in detection: Since the malicious components are embedded within legitimate software or hardware, they can evade traditional security measures, such as antivirus software or network firewalls. This makes it challenging to detect and mitigate the attack before it infiltrates the target organization's systems.
> 
> - Persistence and stealth: Supply chain attacks often aim to establish persistent access or backdoors within the target organization's systems, allowing attackers to maintain control over an extended period. These backdoors can be difficult to detect and remove, providing attackers with ongoing unauthorized access and the ability to steal sensitive data or launch further attacks.
> 
> - Complexity and sophistication: Supply chain attacks require careful planning, technical expertise, and knowledge of the target organization's supply chain relationships. Attackers may exploit vulnerabilities at different stages of the supply chain, including development, distribution, or even physical tampering. The level of sophistication involved makes these attacks more challenging to defend against.
> 
> - Reputational and financial damage: Organizations that fall victim to supply chain attacks can suffer significant reputational damage, loss of customer trust, and financial losses. Recovering from such attacks often involves substantial costs for incident response, remediation, legal actions, and rebuilding trust with customers and partners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Trust and reliance: Organizations often trust their suppliers, vendors, and partners within the supply chain, assuming that the software or hardware components they provide are secure and free from malicious elements. As a result, when compromised components are introduced into the supply chain, they can easily infiltrate the target organization's systems without raising suspicion.
- Widespread impact: Supply chain attacks can have a cascading effect, impacting multiple organizations and potentially thousands or millions of users. By compromising a trusted vendor or supplier, attackers can gain access to numerous downstream organizations that rely on their products or services, amplifying the scope and impact of the attack.
- Difficulty in detection: Since the malicious components are embedded within legitimate software or hardware, they can evade traditional security measures, such as antivirus software or network firewalls. This makes it challenging to detect and mitigate the attack before it infiltrates the target organization's systems.
- Persistence and stealth: Supply chain attacks often aim to establish persistent access or backdoors within the target organization's systems, allowing attackers to maintain control over an extended period. These backdoors can be difficult to detect and remove, providing attackers with ongoing unauthorized access and the ability to steal sensitive data or launch further attacks.
- Complexity and sophistication: Supply chain attacks require careful planning, technical expertise, and knowledge of the target organization's supply chain relationships. Attackers may exploit vulnerabilities at different stages of the supply chain, including development, distribution, or even physical tampering. The level of sophistication involved makes these attacks more challenging to defend against.
- Reputational and financial damage: Organizations that fall victim to supply chain attacks can suffer significant reputational damage, loss of customer trust, and financial losses. Recovering from such attacks often involves substantial costs for incident response, remediation, legal actions, and rebuilding trust with customers and partners.
```
Eliminate blank lines between bullet points.

> ## Protecting Methods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Means of Protection
```

> Organizations can enhance their protection against supply chain attacks by the steps below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Organizations can enhance their protection against supply chain attacks via the steps below:
```

> 1.Choose trusted vendors and partners: Conduct thorough evaluations of vendors and suppliers to ensure they have strong security practices and a good reputation.
> 
> 2.Secure software and hardware: Implement measures to verify the integrity of components throughout the supply chain, such as using digital signatures or checksums.
> 
> 3.Monitor and detect: Deploy monitoring systems to identify suspicious activities within the supply chain and leverage threat intelligence to detect potential attacks.
> 
> 4.Establish security agreements: Establish clear security requirements in contracts with suppliers and vendors, including incident response protocols.
> 
> 5.Educate employees: Train employees to recognize and report suspicious activities and foster a culture of security awareness.
> 
> 6.Plan for incidents: Develop an incident response plan specific to supply chain attacks and regularly test and update it.
> 
> 7.Assess and audit: Conduct regular security assessments and audits to identify vulnerabilities and areas for improvement.
> 
> 8.Collaborate and share information: Engage in information sharing and industry collaborations to stay informed about emerging threats.
> 
> 9.Stay compliant: Stay updated with relevant regulations and implement necessary controls to protect data and privacy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose trusted vendors and partners: Conduct thorough evaluations of vendors and suppliers to ensure they have strong security practices and a good reputation.
2. Secure software and hardware: Implement measures to verify the integrity of components throughout the supply chain, such as using digital signatures or checksums.
3. Monitor and detect: Deploy monitoring systems to identify suspicious activities within the supply chain and leverage threat intelligence to detect potential attacks.
4. Establish security agreements: Establish clear security requirements in contracts with suppliers and vendors, including incident response protocols.
5. Educate employees: Train employees to recognize and report suspicious activities and foster a culture of security awareness.
6. Plan for incidents: Develop an incident response plan specific to supply chain attacks and regularly test and update it.
7. Assess and audit: Conduct regular security assessments and audits to identify vulnerabilities and areas for improvement.
8. Collaborate and share information: Engage in information sharing and industry collaborations to stay informed about emerging threats.
9. Stay compliant: Stay updated with relevant regulations and implement necessary controls to protect data and privacy.
```
No blank lines between bullet points.
